{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 todozor\
get {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-ixpand-64gb-usb-3-0-lightning-flash-drive/5061600.p?id=bb5061600&skuId=5061600"}}{\fldrslt http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-ixpand-64gb-usb-3-0-lightning-flash-drive/5061600.p?id=bb5061600&skuId=5061600}} \
lol\
\
\
1. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-calculating-subsets-with-recursion-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-calculating-subsets-with-recursion-challenge}}\
2. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-reflect-and-iterate-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-reflect-and-iterate-challenge}}\
3. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-reflect-on-learning-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-reflect-on-learning-challenge}}\
4. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-revisit-roman-numeral-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/review-revisit-roman-numeral-challenge}}\
5. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/resources/key-challenges-p1w1.md"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/resources/key-challenges-p1w1.md}}\
6. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/readings/ruby-scope/README.md"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/readings/ruby-scope/README.md}}\
7. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-accessor-methods-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-accessor-methods-challenge}}\
8. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/design-drill-public-vs-private-interfaces-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/design-drill-public-vs-private-interfaces-challenge}}\
9. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-the-self-keyword-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-the-self-keyword-challenge}}\
10. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-exploring-scope-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-exploring-scope-challenge}}\
11. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/orange-tree-1-just-oranges-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/orange-tree-1-just-oranges-challenge}}\
12. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/design-drill-argument-order-dependency-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/design-drill-argument-order-dependency-challenge}}\
13. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-argv-basics-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-drill-argv-basics-challenge}}\
14!. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://talks.devbootcamp.com/refactoring-with-modules-and-inheritance"}}{\fldrslt https://talks.devbootcamp.com/refactoring-with-modules-and-inheritance}}\
15. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/orange-tree-2-groves-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/orange-tree-2-groves-challenge}}\
16. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://zetcode.com/lang/rubytutorial/oop/"}}{\fldrslt http://zetcode.com/lang/rubytutorial/oop/}}\
17. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/parsing-data-1-csv-in-csv-out-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/parsing-data-1-csv-in-csv-out-challenge}}\
18. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/design-drill-classical-inheritance-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/design-drill-classical-inheritance-challenge}}\
19. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/cookies-and-ovens-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/cookies-and-ovens-challenge}}\
20!. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://talks.devbootcamp.com/refactoring-with-modules-and-inheritance"}}{\fldrslt https://talks.devbootcamp.com/refactoring-with-modules-and-inheritance}}\
21. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/hospital-interface-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/hospital-interface-challenge}}\
22. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://learnrubythehardway.org/book/ex44.html"}}{\fldrslt http://learnrubythehardway.org/book/ex44.html}}\
23. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/ruby_object_oriented.htm"}}{\fldrslt http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/ruby_object_oriented.htm}}\
24. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/bernies-bistro-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/bernies-bistro-challenge}}\
25. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/alt-algorithms-and-oo-checkpoint-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/alt-algorithms-and-oo-checkpoint-challenge}}\
26. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/the-rational-numbers-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/the-rational-numbers-challenge}}\
27. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://techcrunch.com/2013/08/10/your-miyagi-moment/"}}{\fldrslt http://techcrunch.com/2013/08/10/your-miyagi-moment/}}\
28. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-2-Core/introduction.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.w3.org/TR/DOM-Level-2-Core/introduction.html}}\
29. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strategy_pattern"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strategy_pattern}}\
30. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://codon.com/programming-with-nothing"}}{\fldrslt http://codon.com/programming-with-nothing}}\
31!. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBC-G6hahWA"}}{\fldrslt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBC-G6hahWA}}\
32. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/626/when-to-use-lambda-when-to-use-proc-new"}}{\fldrslt http://stackoverflow.com/questions/626/when-to-use-lambda-when-to-use-proc-new}}\
33. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-todos-1-0-core-features-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-todos-1-0-core-features-challenge}}\
34. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/readings/model-view-controller/README.md"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/readings/model-view-controller/README.md}}\
35!. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://talks.devbootcamp.com/mvc-refactoring-bernies-code"}}{\fldrslt https://talks.devbootcamp.com/mvc-refactoring-bernies-code}}\
36. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-todos-2-0-additional-features-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-todos-2-0-additional-features-challenge}}\
37. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-flashcards-1-single-deck-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/ruby-flashcards-1-single-deck-challenge}}\
38. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/readings/schema-design/README.md"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/readings/schema-design/README.md}}\
39. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-student-roster-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-student-roster-challenge}}\
40. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-one-to-many-schema-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-one-to-many-schema-challenge}}\
41. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-one-to-one-schema-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-one-to-one-schema-challenge}} \
42. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-many-to-many-schema-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-many-to-many-schema-challenge}}\
43. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/db-drill-address-book-schema-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/db-drill-address-book-schema-challenge}}\
44. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-intro-to-sqlite-challenge"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/database-drill-intro-to-sqlite-challenge}}\
45. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/resources/key-challenges-p1w2.md"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/nyc-nighthawks-2016/phase-1-guide/blob/chicago/resources/key-challenges-p1w2.md}}}